Ancient human civilization was far older and far more advanced than we were ever
taught in school. In fact,
we were a global civilization that spanned multiple continents around the world.
And in this video,
I'm going to show you key evidence ranging from south America, the mid east,
Southeast Asia. And when you connect it all,
it far exceeds the realm of just a coincidence now real quick then to get the
big question out of the way that most people have when they hear this
information for the first time, which is okay if we were so advanced,
what happened to us or where's the evidence like metal buildings? Well,
you must first take into consideration that there was a massive global cataclysm
that happened 13,000 years ago, and a second event, 1400 years later.
It's very likely that he asteroid hit the north American ice shelf,
which caused a massive 400 foot rise in sea level around the world,
a 15 degree Fahrenheit, temperature swing,
and a massive extinction level event of many mammals.
I actually have two videos on this,
which I highly recommend you check them out because the evidence is genuinely
conclusive that these events happened. And as far as metal buildings,
we must take into consideration just how long of a period of time 13,000 years
ago is. I mean, we hear figures like, okay,
the dinosaurs apparently went extinct 66 million years ago.
So when we hear figures like 13,000 years ago, most of us think, okay,
well that's not that long ago, but take, for example, the Titanic,
which had just a couple of days will have been at the bottom of the Atlantic
ocean for 105 years,
nearly 50,000 tons of steel and iron is just disintegrated.
And in just a few hundred more years,
it will be as if it never existed in the first place. Take even cars.
As an example, if you leave them outside for just a few decades,
the rest straight through and completely just get immersed into the earth.
And within a few hundred years, they're non-existent as well or even houses.
If you don't restore house within a few decades,
the roof will cave in the walls will cave in,
and the same thing happens to it as well.
So just imagine what could happen over a period of a thousand years or 5,000
years or even 10 or 13,000 years ago.
Quite literally the only thing that survives that long period of time is stone.
Now let's dive right into the evidence.
There are two lines that connect several ancient civilizations and megalithic
structures ranging from Easter island to Machu Picchu in Peru,
which is right by the Nazca lines, as well as Cusco and Saskatchewan,
which is so mysterious and how these walls were built and how these megalithic
stones were constructed. And when you connect the line from Easter island,
which is so mysterious to Peru all the way across the Atlantic to Mali
Africa, which is the location of the dugong people.
If I pronounce that correctly, which for some reason, in ancient times,
they were aware of star Sirius B, which is invisible to the naked eye.
And it's not something that was apparently discovered for thousands of years
later. Yet somehow they have legends and tales of it.
And this also coincides with the Sumerians,
allegedly the birthplace of civilization and Mesopotamia that they somehow were
aware of the planets within our own solar.
They knew that the earth was bigger than Mars and the Jupiter was bigger than
Saturn, Saturn, bigger than Uranus and so on.
And yet these planets were not supposed to have been discovered for thousands of
years later,
but they somehow knew about it and etched in stone and on clay tablets that were
discovered thousands of years later, it's a total mystery. Now,
when you connect the line straight through the pyramids of Giza and the Sphinx
all the way through to Jordan where Petra is located,
the underground city of Petra, which is so mysterious and of itself,
it could hold more than 20,000 people. No one knows who built it, or when,
and the, even just a year ago,
they found an entirely new entrance with incredible architecture,
more than 160 feet high. And when you connect a line through Petra,
it goes over to the Persepolis in Iran, which is mysterious and of itself,
and there's many theories and who built it in when, however,
when you consider other ancient civilizations and megalithic structures,
we find an entirely other new line that goes from Mesopotamia in Aurora,
where is apparently the birthplace of Muhammad and was just a key site in the
Sumerian culture. And if you connect that line over to Pakistan,
to the ancient civilization of [inaudible]
, and when you continue that line over to Southeast Asia, running through ancient sites in Burma, all the way over to Cambodia, which is the famous site of anger walk, which is very mysterious, it's a site of much speculation and debate, but ultimately there are two lines
that intersect and these lines, I mean, really, is it
just a coincidence that all of these megalithic sites just happened to be completely connected along two lines?
Is it possible that it's not a coincidence? Well,
when you tie in other key pieces of evidence ranging from south America to
Egypt, to Southeast Asia, you see that, oh my goodness,
there are incredible similarities between architecture stone structures,
whether it's a similarities of pyramids or even the use of obelisks or the use
of trapezoidal doors, which I've never seen before,
but they just so happen to be located and found in ancient Egypt,
as well as the Incan culture in Peru,
or even take the example of gold funeral masks that were utilized by the Indians
and the Egyptians as well.
And it doesn't stop there just when you consider how they were able to cut and
carve these massive stones and place them.
And yet they share similarities across multiple continents around the world.
You have to start asking questions,
even at similarities between the depiction of the third eye, as well as animals.
That's located at the center of foreheads. And like I said,
when you consider the similarities between architecture and stone structures and
buildings across multiple continents, when you look at these similarities,
you have to ask yourself where they built by the same people. Now,
this leaves me to one major point, which is DNA evidence.
How is it that they're able to find middle Eastern DNA found in
native Americans of north America or even Aboriginal
DNA from Australia found in mummies in south America,
this is completely unexplainable and a total mystery to scientists.
And these articles you can find are a year and they are actively still
researching this topic altogether, but they all agree that it's mysterious.
And to be honest,
it completely debunks the known narrative of the human migrate migration
process across the world. And the evidence goes much further than that. In fact,
they're finding Egypt mummies with traces of cocaine,
which is a complete mystery considering that cocaine,
the cocoa plant originates in south America,
yet Egypt had this thousands of years ago.
Somehow when those plants originate nowhere near that region of the world.
So how is that possible? I mean, after all,
when you consider these incredible lines that connect megalithic structures in
ancient civilizations that are so mysterious and of themselves,
we consider the incredible similarities between cultures,
stone structures and stone buildings and DNA evidence.
And when you combine all of this information together,
it's abundantly clear that there was a global civilization that existed.
And we were wiped out back to the stone age, approximately 13,000 years ago,
and 11,600 years ago when these two massive cataclysms happen here on earth,
which we know of.
And yet the mainstream scientists and archeologists and historians,
no one wants to touch on the subject of the cataclysm. And again,
watch the two videos that I put out. And there's other topics,
people to discuss this as well.
I highly recommend you check out the works of Graham Hancock,
who outlines this in detail on Graham hancock.com.
And he was covering this from as far back as 2001. It's incredible.
And he goes into much further detail of how these megalithic sites connect
around the world in incredible patterns. That,
to be honest are far more impressive than what I discussed here today,
and be sure to check out his podcast with Joe Rogan and Randall Carlson,
where they discuss all the overwhelming evidence of the cataclysm.
Also check out the works of Brian Forester,
who has a YouTube channel as well as a website, hidden in Couture's dot com.
And by the way, real quick, I don't know any of these people,
but their works have been, are so incredible.
And the mainstream scientists are trying to keep these guys out of the picture.
It's insane, even though they have evidence it's overwhelming.
So check out these individuals yourself, come to your own conclusions,
but when you start connecting the dots and how they're able to cut and carve
stones that even modern day stonemasons completely disagree with.
And when you look at how well, okay,
the primitive methods that have been suggested,
suggested by archeologists and Egyptologists,
don't compute because of the tens of millions of stone blocks,
statues and structures found just in Egypt alone could not have been done with
those primitive methods anywhere within the realm of time. In fact,
it's still be working on them today. So something doesn't add up,
we are absolutely far older and we're far more advanced than the textbooks are
currently teaching everyone in school. Anyways,
I'll leave it at that lichen subscribe,
leave me a comment and share your thoughts.
And I have many other videos and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care of everybody.